Using docker within LXD (#2549)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/multi-cpu-architectures.md

   - os: linux
     env: LIB_PATH="/usr/bin/shared/x86_64/v2"
```
{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

For example, the above `.travis.yml`, would result in running both jobs with the environmental variable LIB_PATH assigned different values being run only on `amd64` architecture.

> ## Using docker in `Arm` based builds within LXD container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Docker in `Arm`-Based Builds within LXD Containers
```

> It is possible to use Docker in `Arm` based builds within a LXD container. You may need an arm64v8 docker image as a base or ensure arm64 libraries required by your build are added to your Dockerfile. In order to use docker in `Arm` based build within LXD container, docker commands must be run with `sudo`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use Docker in `Arm`-based builds within an LXD container. You may need an arm64v8 docker image as a base or ensure arm64 libraries required by your build are added to your docker file. In order to use docker in `Arm`-based builds within LXD containers, docker commands must be run with `sudo`. 
```

> An example of building  docker image from Dockerfile adjusted to arm64:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of building a docker image from a docker file adjusted to arm64:
```

Author: @Pezi777 The `Dockerfile` is a own name, used throughout Docker documentation as well as in Travis - I would leave it as it is for coherency?

```yaml
arch: arm64
language: c
compiler: gcc
services:
  - docker
sudo: true
script: sudo docker build -t my/test -f Dockerfile.arm64 . 
```
{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

An example of running docker image:

```yaml
arch: arm64
services:
  - docker
sudo: true
script: sudo docker run my/test #assuming docker image my/test is arm64v8 ready
```
{: data-file=".travis.yml"}

> Please see also [Using Docker in Builds](user/docker/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also have a look at [Using Docker in Builds](user/docker/).
```
